{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;}}
\f0\fs24

TERMS OF USE - TEMPLATE BUILDER
Version 0.1.0

IMPORTANT - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY

This Terms of Use agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Template Builder for the Template Builder software product, which includes computer software and may include associated media, printed materials, and online or electronic documentation ("Software").

BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. DESCRIPTION OF SOFTWARE

Template Builder is a Command-Line Interface (CLI) tool that allows users to create custom project templates from YAML configuration files. The tool generates ready-made project structures by creating folders, generating files, and collecting user input through interactive CLI prompts defined in YAML files.

The Software enables users to:
- Define project templates using YAML configuration files
- Generate project structures automatically
- Create files and folders based on template definitions
- Collect user input through interactive prompts
- Use template variables and functions for dynamic content generation

2. LICENSE GRANT

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Template Builder grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Software for non-commercial purposes only.

3. RESTRICTIONS

You may NOT:
- Use the Software for commercial purposes, including but not limited to:
  * Selling the Software
  * Offering it as part of a paid service
  * Using it in Software as a Service (SaaS) offerings
  * Using it in subscription-based services
  * Using it to generate revenue directly or indirectly
- Modify, adapt, alter, translate, or create derivative works of the Software without prior written permission
- Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the Software
- Remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices, labels, or marks on the Software
- Use the Software in any way that violates applicable laws or regulations

Commercial use is strictly prohibited without prior written permission from the author. For commercial licensing inquiries, please contact: braulio@braulioti.com.br

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Software is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. Template Builder retains all rights, title, and interest in and to the Software, including all intellectual property rights.

5. NO WARRANTY

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TEMPLATE BUILDER OR ITS AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF TEMPLATE BUILDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7. TERMINATION

This license is effective until terminated. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically without notice if you fail to comply with any of its terms. Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of the Software and all of its component parts.

8. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS

Template Builder reserves the right to modify, update, or discontinue the Software at any time without prior notice. You are not entitled to any updates, modifications, or new versions of the Software unless Template Builder chooses to provide them.

9. THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS

The Software may include third-party components that are subject to separate license terms. These components include:
- yaml-cpp: YAML parsing library
- libcurl: HTTP client library
- Google Test: Testing framework (development only)

You agree to comply with all applicable third-party license terms.

10. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS

You agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software, including the Export Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use, and destination restrictions issued by governmental agencies.

11. GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which Template Builder operates, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

12. CONTACT INFORMATION

For questions, support, or commercial licensing inquiries, please contact:

Bráulio Figueiredo
Email: braulio@braulioti.com.br
Website: http://brau.io
GitHub: https://github.com/braulioti
X (Twitter): https://x.com/_brau_io

13. ACKNOWLEDGMENT

BY INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND TEMPLATE BUILDER REGARDING THE SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) 2026 Template Builder
All rights reserved.

}
